README.md, before:

# substrate-tip-bot

> A GitHub App built with [Probot](https://github.com/probot/probot) that can submit tips on behalf
> of a [Substrate](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate) based network.

# Getting started 🌱

## Usage

This bot relies on GitHub pull request that opt in via a body text comment to specify what Substrate network and address to send tips to.

### Pull request body

```sh
{kusama|polkadot|localtest} address: <SS58 Address>
```

Followed by a _comment_ on said pull request

### Pull request comment

```sh
/tip {small | medium | large}
```



## Local development 🔧

To use this bot, you'll need to have an `.env` file. Most of the options will
automatically be generated by the GitHub application creation process, but you will also need to add
`ACCOUNT_SEED` and `ALLOWED_USERS`.

A reference env file is placed at `.env.example` to copy over

```sh
$ cp .env.example .env
```

After registering and configuring the bot, we can run it like so

```sh
$ npm start
```

### Docker

To run the bot via Docker, we need to build and then run it like so


```sh
$ docker build -t substrate-tip-bot .
```

```sh
$ docker run \ 
    -e APP_ID=<app-id> \
    -e PRIVATE_KEY=<pem-value> \
    substrate-tip-bot
```

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for how substrate-tip-bot could be improved, or want to report a bug, open
an issue! We'd love all and any contributions.

For more, check out the [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © 2021 Parity Technologies <admin@parity.io>

Commit message:

TS support and local dev hot-reloading (#7)

README.md, after:

# substrate-tip-bot

> A GitHub App built with [Probot](https://github.com/probot/probot) that can submit tips on behalf
> of a [Substrate](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate) based network.

# Getting started 🌱

## Usage

This bot relies on GitHub pull request that opt in via a body text comment to specify what Substrate network and address to send tips to.

### Pull request body

```sh
{kusama|polkadot|localtest} address: <SS58 Address>
```

Followed by a _comment_ on said pull request

### Pull request comment

```sh
/tip {small | medium | large}
```

## Local development 🔧

To use this bot, you'll need to have an `.env` file. Most of the options will
automatically be generated by the GitHub application creation process, but you will also need to add
`ACCOUNT_SEED` and `ALLOWED_USERS`.

A reference env file is placed at `.env.example` to copy over

```sh
$ cp .env.example .env
```

After registering and configuring the bot environment, we can run it. We use
[Nodemon](https://nodemon.io/) for hot-reloading, the `probot` package
automatically parses the relevant `.env` values.

```sh
$ yarn start
```

### Docker

To run the bot via Docker, we need to build and then run it like so

```sh
$ docker build -t substrate-tip-bot .
```

```sh
$ docker run \
    -e APP_ID=<app-id> \
    -e PRIVATE_KEY=<pem-value> \
    substrate-tip-bot
```

## Contributing

If you have suggestions for how substrate-tip-bot could be improved, or want to report a bug, open
an issue! We'd love all and any contributions.

For more, check out the [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © 2021 Parity Technologies <admin@parity.io>
